README.md, before:

MathNotes: Attempt to Explain Math, Pure & Simple  
=================================================

This code tree is a bunch of Jupyter Notebooks designed to explain math to
common man in simple terms. Each notebook contains the complete explanation for
a topic with graphs, equation and commentry. The pages can be viewed on the
website itself (following the link), or can be downloaded and viewed locally on
your system. You will need Jupyter Notebook installed for local viewing and
editing.

## Topics

### [Aliasing](aliasing/aliasing.ipynb)
Aliasing is a very egragious signal processing design problem that every
engineer and DIYer should know. What if the pitch of your audio changes
unexpectedly, or your control system has unknown frequencies in it?

Open [this notebook](aliasing/aliasing.ipynb) to know more.

### [Convolution [WIP]](convolution/convolution.ipynb)
Convolution sums look complicated, but they describe a very simple phenomenon.
Everything from how you sound over the phone to how spacecrafts vibrate in
flight. Most people already have real-life experience of convolution, but dont
recognize its formalization.

Open [this notebook](convolution/convolution.ipynb) to know more.

## Community
Want to discuss this and more? Head over to
[MathLovers](https://matrix.to/#/#mathlovers:diasp.in) and share your ideas and
questions with like-minded maths enthusiasts.

## License
Copyright (c) 2017 Gokul Das B

Software Code in this code tree are under MIT license. Documentation, media
and graphs (including generated ones) in the code tree are under Creative
Commons Attribution 4.0 license. You may use and distribute the contents subject
to the terms of these licenses. Refer [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for more
details.

Commit message:

Add local usage instructions to README

README.md, after:

MathNotes: Attempt to Explain Math, Pure & Simple  
=================================================

This code tree is a bunch of Jupyter Notebooks designed to explain math to
common man in simple terms. Each notebook contains the complete explanation for
a topic with graphs, equation and commentry. The pages can be viewed on the
Gitlab itself (following links below), or can be downloaded and viewed locally
on your system. 

## Requirements and Usage
In order to view and edit these notebooks locally, you will need Python3
scientific stack (Python3, Numpy, Matplotlib, Jupyter, etc) installed. You can
get the entire python scientific stack for almost any operating system by
installing [Anaconda Distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/). Choose
Python 3.x version of the stack.

Once you have the stack installed, you can clone this repository and run jupyter
notebook from it. For GNU/Linux, you can use the following bash/zsh commands:

```sh
git clone https://gitlab.com/gokuldasb/MathNotes.git
cd MathNotes
jupyter notebook
```

## Topics

### [Aliasing](aliasing/aliasing.ipynb)
Aliasing is a very egragious signal processing design problem that every
engineer and DIYer should know. What if the pitch of your audio changes
unexpectedly, or your control system has unknown frequencies in it?

Open [this notebook](aliasing/aliasing.ipynb) to know more.

### [Convolution [WIP]](convolution/convolution.ipynb)
Convolution sums look complicated, but they describe a very simple phenomenon.
Everything from how you sound over the phone to how spacecrafts vibrate in
flight. Most people already have real-life experience of convolution, but dont
recognize its formalization.

Open [this notebook](convolution/convolution.ipynb) to know more.

## Community
Want to discuss this and more? Head over to
[MathLovers](https://matrix.to/#/#mathlovers:diasp.in) and share your ideas and
questions with like-minded maths enthusiasts.

## License
Copyright (c) 2017 Gokul Das B

Software Code in this code tree are under MIT license. Documentation, media
and graphs (including generated ones) in the code tree are under Creative
Commons Attribution 4.0 license. You may use and distribute the contents subject
to the terms of these licenses. Refer [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for more
details.
